refresh of who do you want to teach (#3140)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/become-a-further-education-teacher.md

  - NVQ
  - BTEC
  - HND
---

If you’re interested in teaching young people and adults over 16 who are not studying for a degree, then further education might be for you. 

## What is further education?

> It covers three key areas: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It covers 3 key areas: 
```

> It covers three key areas: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It covers 3 key areas: 
```
sorry to be a pain 🤦🏻‍♀️ but could we just change this cos it's in the GDS style guide https://www.gov.uk/guidance/style-guide/a-to-z-of-gov-uk-style#numbers and think it's what we try and do elsewhere on site

* vocational courses including plumbing, manufacturing and health care

> * academic classroom-based learning of subjects including English and maths, including A levels in a sixth form college

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* academic classroom-based learning of subjects such as English and maths, including A levels in a sixth form college
```
sorry, just trying to avoid repetition of 'including' - being picky 😬😂

* basic skills courses on literacy, numeracy, English for speakers of other languages, and special needs

> Whichever route you choose, you could teach a diverse set of learners, including young people and adults.

Reviewer 2: "including young people and adults" feels a bit weird at the end of this sentence - who else is there? And we've said 'young people and adults' earlier on so wondering if this could just be removed.

(NB this is very minor and wouldn't stop this going live @philspray!)

## What qualifications do you need to teach in further education?

> You don’t always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. 
```

> You don’t always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. 
```
being a pain again 🤪 but could we change this so it follows GDS guidelines https://www.gov.uk/guidance/style-guide/a-to-z-of-gov-uk-style#contractions

Author: Not a pain at all! I thought I had tweaked this but perhaps I didn't commit!

>   - apprencticeship

Reviewer 2: this is spelt wrong (I appreciate this is already in prod and not part of this PR change)!

and actually I would probably be tempted to remove it as apprenticeships in the GIT world could relate to routes into teaching?

---

> If you’re interested in teaching young people and adults over 16 who aren’t studying for a degree, then further education might be for you. It covers three key areas: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re interested in teaching young people and adults over 16 who are not studying for a degree, then further education might be for you. It covers three key areas: 
```

> If you’re interested in teaching young people and adults over 16 who aren’t studying for a degree, then further education might be for you. It covers three key areas: 

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this page might read a bit better if we split it up with a few h2s? e.g. we could add a 'what is further education?' h2 before the 'it covers:' line?

* vocational courses including plumbing, manufacturing and health care

> * academic classroom based learning of subjects including English and maths, including A-levels in a sixth form college

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* academic classroom-based learning of subjects including English and maths, including A-levels in a sixth form college
```
should this have a hyphen?

> * academic classroom based learning of subjects including English and maths, including A-levels in a sixth form college

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* academic classroom based learning of subjects including English and maths, including A levels in a sixth form college
```
A level isn't hyphenated according to the gov.uk style guide

* basic skills courses on literacy, numeracy, English for speakers of other languages, and special needs

Whichever route you choose, you could teach a diverse set of learners, including young people and adults. 

> You don’t always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. Many further education training providers offer funded teacher training on the job, so you can start straight away. However, if you’re mainly interested in teaching in a school, you will be best to explore how to train to teach primary and secondary pupils.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You don’t always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. Many further education training providers offer funded teacher training on the job, so you can start straightaway. 
However, if you’re mainly interested in teaching in a school, explore how to train to teach primary and secondary pupils.
```

Reviewer 2: Typo - straightaway?

Reviewer 2: Worth splitting out the school sentence onto a new line - and maybe adding a link to a GIT page (with a shortened sentence?)? Ultimately, we want people to do ITT :-)

Reviewer: I'd also maybe move the 'However, if you're interested in teaching in a school...' line further down, and the 'Further education training providers are independent, so set their own criteria regarding qualifications' further up, so that all the content around qualifications is together?

> You don’t always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. Many further education training providers offer funded teacher training on the job, so you can start straight away. However, if you’re mainly interested in teaching in a school, you will be best to explore how to train to teach primary and secondary pupils.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not always need a prior teaching qualification or an academic degree to start teaching in further education. Many further education training providers offer funded teacher training on the job, so you can start straight away. However, if you’re mainly interested in teaching in a school, you will be best to explore how to train to teach primary and secondary pupils.
```
Could we add a h2 before this bit, something like 'What qualifications do you need to teach in further education?' to split up the content a bit?

> Further education training providers are independent, so set their own criteria regarding qualifications and courses. If you’ve got industry experience and a passion for sharing your skills you could be a great further education teacher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Further education training providers are independent, so set their own criteria regarding qualifications and courses. If you’ve got industry experience and a passion for sharing your skills, you could be a great further education teacher.
```
Needs a comma?

This feels a little salesy but happy for it to stay as is if you are happy @philspray @EllieNodder

> To find out more, visit the [teach in further education website](https://www.teach-in-further-education.campaign.gov.uk/).

Reviewer 2: Do we need to remove the Talk to us component from this page, particularly now we've removed the FE adviser number?
